Tjs/hello world macos (#3054)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/hello-world-macos.md

---
layout: classic-docs
title: "Hello World On MacOS"
short-title: "Hello World On MacOS"
description: "First macOS project on CircleCI 2.0"
categories: [getting-started]
order: 4
---

> 

Reviewer: awesome! thanks for doing this. 
Let's also add this to the sidebar.yml in the getting started menu under Introduction
add add it to the demo-apps doc and tutorials doc

Author: Done!

This document describes how to get started with continuous integration on **macOS
build environments** on CircleCI. If you still need to get acquainted with
CircleCI, it is recommended to checkout the [getting started guide]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/getting-started).

## Prerequisites

To follow along with this document you will need:

- An [account](https://circleci.com/signup/) on CircleCI.
- A subscription to a [paid plan](https://circleci.com/pricing/#build-os-x) to enable building on the macOS executor.
- An Apple computer with XCode installed on it (if you want to open the example project).

## Overview Of The macOS Executor

The macOS build environment (or `executor`) is used for iOS and macOS
development, allowing you to test, build, and deploy macOS and iOS applications on

> CircleCI. The macOS executor runs jobs in a macOS environment on a VM and provides access to iOS simulators.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CircleCI. The macOS executor runs jobs in a macOS environment and provides access to iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch and Apple TV simulators.
```

I'd remove the reference to the VM here – I think that introduces complexity that's not needed at this point.

to indicate what is happening at each step.

```yaml
version: 2 # use version 2.0 of CircleCI
jobs: # a basic unit of work in a run
  build: # runs not using `Workflows` must have a `build` job as entry point
    macos:  # indicate that we are using the macOS executor
      xcode: "10.0.0" # indicate our selected version of Xcode
    steps: # a series of commands to run
      - checkout  # pull down code from your version control system.
      - run:
          # run our tests using xcode's cli tool `xcodebuild`
          name: Run Unit Tests
          command: xcodebuild test -scheme circleci-demo-macos
      - run:
          # build our application
          name: Build Application
          command: xcodebuild
      - run:
          # compress Xcode's build output so that it can be stored as an artifact
          name: Compress app for storage
          command: zip -r app.zip build/Release/circleci-demo-macos.app
      - store_artifacts: # store this build output. Read more: https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/artifacts/
          path: app.zip
          destination: app
```

If this is your first exposure to a CircleCI `config.yml`, some of the above

> might seem a bit confusing. In the section below you can find some links that

Reviewer 2: @michelle-luna @teesloane is there a better turn of phrase here than "a bit confusing". I'd like to avoid giving customers preconceptions that our system is complicated.
